.TH SHRETIME 1 2020-11-10 GNU

.SH NAME
shretime \- retime (YouTube) speedruns

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B shretime
[\fIOPTION\fR]...
.br
.B shretime
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fB\-f \fIFPS\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B shretime
is a command line utility written in POSIX compliant Shell.
It acts as a parser for YouTube's video debug info to accurately time speedruns to the frame.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.BI shretime\ \-bm
Run the program in an infinite loop, retiming runs in succession until the program is quit.
The run duration for all the runs retimed is also replaced with a mod note.
.TP
\fBshretime \-f \fI30\fR
Retime a run with a video framerate of 30 frames per second. This skips the programs prompt for the video framerate.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS "General options"
.TP
.BR \-b ", " \-\-bulk\-retime
Loop the program after retiming a run allowing for multiple runs to be retimed in succession.
If this flag is set, only the \-b and \-m flags will carry over.
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-copy
Copy the program output to the system clipboard.
.TP
.BR \-f ", " \-\-fps\fR=\fIFPS\fR
Specify the FPS of the video, skipping the prompt.
.TP
.BR \-m ", " \-\-mod\-note
Output a mod note after retiming a run as opposed to simply the end duration of the run.
.SS "Getting help"
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display program help information.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Display program version information.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful program execution.
.TP
.B 1
Invalid flag, or missing option.
.TP
.B 2
Invalid YouTube debug info.
.TP
.B 3
Invalid video FPS.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B EDITOR
If
.RB $ EDITOR
is set, then the program it is set to will be used to edit the
.I yt_debug_info
temporary file where the YouTube debug info is pasted.
If this value is not set, the default is set to nano.

.SH FILES
.TP
.I yt_debug_info
Temporary file where YouTube debug info is written.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Thomas A. Voss.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Contact the email <thomasvoss@live.com>

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free and unencumbered software released into the public domain.
For more information, please refer to <http://unlicense.org/>

.SH SEE ALSO
Program source code <https://www.github.com/Mango0x45/Retime>
